Update how-to-sort-an-array.md (#14790)
dotnet/docs: docs/visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/arrays/how-to-sort-an-array.md

ms.assetid: 9289aeaa-9626-4698-94a7-1d1fd3702b87
---

> # How to: Sort An Array in Visual Basic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to: sort an array in Visual Basic
```

>  

Reviewer: again, it would be good to have an intro here

## Example

This example declares an array of `String` objects named `zooAnimals`, populates it, and then sorts it alphabetically:
  
```vb
Private Sub SortAnimals()
    Dim zooAnimals(2) As String
    zooAnimals(0) = "lion"
    zooAnimals(1) = "turtle"
    zooAnimals(2) = "ostrich"
    Array.Sort(zooAnimals)
End Sub
```

> ## Compiling the Code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Compiling the code
```

 This example requires access to the <xref:System> namespace.

> ## Robust Programming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Robust programming
```

>  The following conditions may cause an exception:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following conditions may cause an exception:
```

> - Array is empty (<xref:System.ArgumentNullException> class)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Array is empty (<xref:System.ArgumentNullException> class).
```

> - Array is multidimensional (<xref:System.RankException> class)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Array is multidimensional (<xref:System.RankException> class).
```

> - One or more elements of the array do not implement the <xref:System.IComparable> interface (<xref:System.InvalidOperationException> class)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One or more elements of the array don't implement the <xref:System.IComparable> interface (<xref:System.InvalidOperationException> class).
```
